1.What is Git.
ans-- Git is a popular version control system(VCS), It was created by Linus Torvalds in 2005 and has been maintained
by Junio Hamano.

2.What do you understand by the term ‘Version Control System'.
ans-- It is a system that records changes to a file or set of files over time, so that we can recall specific versions later,
i.e., for every source code changes in a file a new version will be created. 

3.What is GitHub.
ans--GitHub is a code hosting platform for version control and collaboration. 
     It lets you and others work together on projects from anywhere. This tutorial teaches you 
     GitHub essentials like repositories, branches, commits, and pull requests.
4.Mention some popular Git hosting service.
ans--GitHub, bitBucket,Gitlab etc.

5. Different types of version control system.
 ans-There are 3 types of VCS
A.Local Version Control System (LVCS).
B.Centralised Control System (CVCS).
C.Distributed Version Control System (DVCS).

6.What benefits come with using GIT.
ans--a.Good distributed model as each developer gets a local repository with a complete history of 
        commits which makes git fast compared to other VCs.
     b.Branching capabilities and merging are easy (as they are cheap), and they have good data integrity.
     c.They are free and open-source.

7.What is a Git repository.
ans--A Git repository tracks and saves the history of all changes made to the files in a Git project. It saves this data in a directory called . git , also known as the repository folder. Git uses a version control system to track all changes made to the project and save them in the repository.


8.How can you initialize a repository in Git.
ans--a.Open TerminalTerminalGit Bash.
     b.Navigate to the root directory of your project.
     c.Initialize the local directory as a Git repository. By default, the initial branch is called main . ...
     d.Add the files in your new local repository. ...
     e.Commit the files that you've staged in your local repository.