1.how  to Create an Object in Java.
ans-- className objectName = new className();

2.What is the use of a new keyword in Java.
abs-- By using new keyword we allocate the memory to the object.

3.What are the Different types of variables in Java.
ans-- In java there are three types of variables.
          a- static variables
          b. local variables
          c. instance variables


4. What is the difference between Instance variable and local variables          
  ans-- Local variable- 
                  a. Sometimes to meet temporary requirements of the programmer ,we can declare variables inside a method
                     or block or constructors such type of variables are called local variables or automatic variables or
                     temporary variables or stack variables.
                  b. Local variables ,will be stored inside the stack.+
                  c.The local variables ,will be created as part of the block execution in ,which it is declared and destroyed once
                    that block execution completes. Hence the scope of the local variables is exactly the same as the scope of
                     the block in ,which ,we declared.
       -> Instance variables--
                   a.If the value of a variable is varied from object to object such types of variables are called instance
                   variables.For every object a separate copy of instance variables will be created.
                   b.Instance variables will be created at the time of object creation and destroyed at the time of object
                   c.destruction hence the scope of instance variables is exactly the same as scope of objects.
                   d.Instance variables will be stored on the heap as the part of the object.             

 5.In which area memory is allocated for instance variable and instance variable

  ans-- instance variable is allocated in  heap area.
        lacal variable is allocated in stack area .

 6. What is method overloading .
 ans--Two methods are said to be overloaded if and only if both have the same name but different argument
types.In the 'C' language we can't take 2 methods with the same name and different types. If there is a change in
argument type compulsory we should go for a new method name.  

   But in java we can take multiple methods with the same name and different argument types.
       abs(int) for int datatype
       abs(long) for long datatype
       abs(float) for float datatype